28th, Tues
Out of the Lab and Into the Factory
The New Computers, and the Mission for Quantum Hardware
1. Introduction
Quantum computing is at risk of becoming an embarrassing footnote in the history of
technology.

If you've spent time around the field, you have felt the disconnect between the high-tech future
promised by photographs of computers buried in room-sized golden chandeliers on one hand,
and [the fuzzy explanations and unclear value propositions] on the other. Shor's algorithm, the
algorithm famous for the threat it poses to modern day encryption systems, has been known
since 1995, yet nearly 3 decades later the largest prime number ever factored using Shor's
method is 35. And that was 14 years ago.

Since that time, $[X]b has been invested into the field, either through government initiative or
venture capital. And yet if one were to try and plug in to a quantum computer online, there are
only [I think 3?] available options. In the same timeframe, we got self-driving cars, affordable
spaceflight, artificial intelligence and [brain-computer interfaces]. It is by no means obvious that
these fields are any less technically demanding than quantum computing.

New technologically advanced industries have been birthed and carried forward by this
entrepreneurial tide, and yet quantum computing has, like a rock on the ocean floor, sat
unmoved. Why?

The absence of oversight made the industry complacent.

The party line is that the industry is moving as fast as it can, and in any narrow field, this would
appear to be true. Some of the smartest scientists in the world have produced impressive
results controlling individual atoms, photons, electrons and superconducting circuits.

[X] papers have been published since 2014, totalling [Y] citations. And yet, the...
[What i'm trying to go for here is the fact that the field is so specialised that no one is really in
any position to call anyone else out for not going fast enough. I'm not sure how to word this in a
way that isn't glib, but I do think there is a tinge of 'you cant call us out because what do you
know about quantum mechanics, peasant.' That's the most negative version, the reality is
probably closer to lack of organisation.]
Time and again we are told of 'the breathtaking rate of progress', that true fault tolerance 'is only
5 years away', and that there has never been a better time than right now. We are like the
protagonist in Kafka's "Before the Law", who requests to pass through a great wooden door,
only to be told that that they would be more than glad to let him in, only, not at the moment. For
years the man dutifully the man sits there, occasionally asking the gatekeeper again whether he
may be allowed in. "Not at the moment", comes the response, and the man sits there until he
dies. [Note, this probably goes best at the start.]

All too quickly we have reached the point where, in the words of [Someone], [Some indictment
to action].




There is a better way.

The march of innovation does not have to be laborious and slow. In the [some time period],
[some group of people, maybe Bell Labs?] made [some scientific discoveries] at a rate that
would shock anyone. The SR-71 Blackbird, a miracle of engineering and still the fastest
manned plane of all time, went from idea to test flight in just 4 years. [Something something
something I'm losing the thread on this bit here.]

Why can't the existing companies do better? Industry leaders are packed with some of the
world's brightest minds and are extremely well funded, yet employees are denied the end-to-
end control that is necessary for meaningful change. Inheriting the academic operating
principles of demonstrating a breakthrough scientific discovery, [there are many teams working
on the one silver bullet that will change everything]. Incumbent companies are extremely
diligent in their planning, and tend to build their machines successfully without too many start-
overs. How could this not be so, when the cost of developing one such machine is estimated to
cost $[X]m.
The downside is that the development of any machine is hopelessly dependent upon a
fractured supply chain of laser manufacturers, semiconductor fabs, and epitaxy reactors, many
of which live in different jurisdictions where the traversal between them is slowed by various
dual-use regulations. This caution has created a slow, too-costly-to-fail approach, where
[forward planning is of highest importance]. Much in the way a student only gets one shot at a
PhD project, a company only gets one shot at a new machine; failure is a catastrophe.

At Pathfinder we reject this silver-bullet approach.

We believe that the obstacle between current systems and true fault tolerance is not any one
specific breakthrough or eureka moment, but instead a relentless pursuit to lower the
component cost and shorten development timelines of the new machines.
But we are just one company. If quantum computing is to be taken seriously as a frontier
technological industry and break free from the bureaucratic overhang of academia, the
excessive development costs and lead times, and the claustrophobically narrow specialisation
that has so neutered the previous generation's brightest and best, we need an industry-wide
upheaval.
Tens of thousands of PhDs will have to decide that there is more to a career than chasing
citations and ill-paid postdoc positions. The effort needs true ingenuity across nanofabrication,
photonics, specialised hardware manufacturing, and hundreds of other foundational areas.

2. What Are Quantum Computers Good For, Anyway?
The New Computers had, out of the blue, solved what was previously thought to be an
intractable problem; the classical world was again proven to contain patterns only
visible through the lens of quantum mechanics.

In 1981, Richard Feynman - frustrated at the difficulty that classical computers faced in trying to
simulate quantum mechanical problems - hypothesised a computer that was directly suited to
the task at hand. One that had quantum mechanics built right into the machine.




This was the nucleus of the idea; that in order to simulate quantum mechanics, one would need
a quantum-mechanical calculator.

Fast-forward 40 years and some unexpected results popped up along the way. In 1994 an
American computer scientist named Peter Shor discovered that prime factorisation, a problem
considered classically intractable, was solvable [in polynomial time] by an algorithm unique to
the new computers. This was somewhat unexpected, as far as Feynman's original hypothesis
was concerned; the new computer had broken out of its original box and was solving problems
in the classical world, too.

The classical world was proven to contain patterns only visible through the lens of
quantum mechanics.

For all the attention paid to codebreaking, however, the most consequential application may still
be the one Feynman first imagined: simulating matter.

Take something as ordinary as steel. Whether a bridge bends or holds depends on the
arrangement of its atoms, the defects between its crystals and, ultimately, the electrons binding
it together. The macroscopic properties emerge from microscopic behaviour.

Everything we build is ultimately limited by materials. The efficiency of a solar cell, the capacity
of a battery, the strength of a magnet and the temperature at which a superconductor works all
emerge from the behaviour of the arrangement of the atoms, the nuclei and the electrons inside
matter. Where we can predict that behaviour accurately, we can design new materials
around the properties we want them to possess.

For many types of materials, classical algorithms can compute simulations very effectively
using approximation algorithms; Walter Kohn was awarded half of the 1998 Nobel Prize in
Chemistry for such work. But in complex materials, so called "strongly correlated" systems
where many electrons all become entangled, these approximations begin to fail. The number of
possible states that the material could be in increases exponentially with the number of
electrons.

A Quantum Computer can encode this problem natively.

[A classical computer has to simulate quantum properties with algorithms and clever code],
while a quantum computer has these properties baked in. The data stored in the entanglement,
phase, and [something else] of a single atom, a single qubit, [would take many orders of
magnitude more bits to replicate].

So what's the difference?

In the Quantum Computing circuit, we can prepare our qubits in a state that mimics that of the
material we want to investigate, then sit back and watch how they behave. The exponential web
of possibilities is encoded in the qubits themselves, not in the [something else]. [Now we just let
the system evolve and take measurements, and see whether we see the patterns we're looking
for.]

This is the general class of problem for which these machines were originally conceived;
quantum-mechanical systems whose exact evolution requires a classical computer to
manipulate an exponentially growing wavefunction, but whose relevant properties may be
extracted more efficiently from a controlled quantum simulation. Of course scientists will still
have to test the results in the lab, but the direction of physical experimentation is made less
blind by eliminating bad candidates before they are synthesised, using the patterns that
classical models alone cannot uncover.

Equally important as knowing what a QC does is to know what it does not do. Much talk is
heard surrounding quantum improvements to financial portfolio planning and general
optimisation problems; claims around quantum impact in machine learning remain speculative
at best.

And to give the critics their due, they're absolutely justified in calling this out. There are a lot of
exaggerations, half-truths, and hype that is totally ungrounded in reality.

Some of the more uniquely egregious bullshit levied by the industry's less scrupulous
commentators includes Michio Kaku's claim that "quantum computers will make cancer as
harmless as the common cold"[source], the Google announcement that "quantum computers
lend credence to the existence of parallel universes"[source], and that "As quantum AI
technology advances, life expectancy will increase faster, eventually reaching a point where we
gain a year of life expectancy each year."[source].

All this, yet the largest number factored by a quantum computer remains 35.

So what might they actually be good for?
High-temperature superconductors are one relevant case.

Those in tech circles may recall the stir caused in 2023 when a group of South Korean
scientists went viral over their claim to have discovered a room-temperature superconductor.
Independent replication later proved that this was not the case, but for a brief moment, their
Nobel Prize and place in the annals of history seemed secured.

Superconductors can carry current for long distances without any resistive loss, but as they
exist today, the need for extreme-low temperatures and high pressures keeps them expensive,
bulky or impractical. A high-temperature superconductor would enable smaller fusion magnets,
more compact motors and generators, higher-capacity power cables, cheaper medical
scanners and new forms of transport - all the things that currently use superconductors today.
[Note: check this]

Of course, none of this is guaranteed. Classical simulation will continue to improve. Useful
quantum algorithms will demand machines far larger and more reliable than those available
today. Quantum computers will, in all likelihood, be useless for almost everything we currently
use computers for. They do not need to replace classical computation, any more than
aeroplanes needed to replace bicycles: a 747 is transformative for getting across an ocean and
useless for a trip to the shops. A small number of calculations currently beyond our reach will
transform cryptography, energy, materials science and industrial chemistry.

The prize, then, is not to replace all silicon computers, nor is it to 'access parallel universes',
whatever that means. As the first man to discover fire, the first man in space and the first man
to split the atom all knew, the ultimate prize is to understand and control matter itself.

3. How Did We Get Here?
Quantum Computing inherited an institutional model designed to produce
demonstrations over products.

Quantum computing began as a sequence of experiments conducted in University physics
departments all over the world.

Not long after Peter Shor's discovery of his eponymous prime factorisation algorithm,
researchers at NIST demonstrated the first quantum logic gate using a beryllium ion suspended
in a magnetic field; in 1998, researchers at Oxford used the nuclear spins of molecules [inside
an NMR spectrometer] to execute one of the first complete quantum algorithms on a two-qubit
system.

These first computers were not products in the way one may think of an iPhone or a Tesla - that
is, mass-produced factory-line items - rather they were one-off experimental setups assembled
by hand. Many of these experiments were built as PhD projects and postdoctoral research, and
with that comes the incentive structures, timelines, and hardware supplier choices of the
academic system.

Take the NIST experiment described above. The first quantum logic gate was reported in a four-
page paper containing the atomic states used, the laser-pulse sequence, the measured result
and the sources of error. It contained no bill of materials, assembly time, supplier list,
maintenance procedure or account of the earlier versions which failed. None of this was
required to substantiate the scientific claim. (1)

This distinction is written into the way academic research is assessed. In 2023, a House of
Commons inquiry found that publication in a journal was the expected outcome of almost all
academic research in Britain. The standard academic CV, the committee was told, consisted
principally of publications, grants and invitations to speak, while the Research Excellence
Framework assessed published work according to its “originality, significance and rigour.”
Assembly time, fabrication yield, supplier qualification, maintenance hours and unit cost appear
nowhere in the scorecard. A physicist may halve any of them without having produced an
original scientific result, even though they determine whether the apparatus can be built once or
a thousand times. (2)
And in all fairness, it is hard to imagine this having come about any other way. Before the
question of mass-manufacturing a quantum computer made any sense to ask, Wolfgang Paul
first had to discover that oscillating electric fields could confine ions in free space. David
Wineland’s 1978 group in Colorado had to prove that trapped ions could be cooled using laser
light. Only after another seventeen years of work did the first quantum logic gate follow.
(Wolfgang Paul, NIST history)

Without the work done by these pioneers, the industry would never have gotten started. The
early emphasis on proving isolated pieces of the machine was entirely appropriate, because
nobody yet knew whether those pieces could be made to work at all.

The doubts surrounding them were considerable. In 1995, the IBM physicist Rolf Landauer
argued that imperfect machinery and environmental noise would cause the probability of a
reliable result to fall exponentially as a computation became longer. He was particularly
sceptical that error correction would help, since the machinery performing the correction would
itself contain errors. (Wired, 1995)

Thirty years of experiments have answered at least part of this objection. Quantum logic gates
are now routine; processors containing more than a thousand physical qubits have been
constructed; and in 2024 Google demonstrated a logical quantum memory whose error rate fell
as more physical qubits were added. (IBM Condor, Google’s error-correction result)

The criticism has consequently changed in emphasis. When Jensen Huang was asked in 2025
when “very useful quantum computers” might arrive, he placed the likely date somewhere
between fifteen and thirty years away. The machine was no longer dismissed as physically
impossible; it was merely assigned to the indefinite technological future. (Huang’s remarks)

There is, however, another remark from Landauer’s 1995 interview which has aged rather
better. “When you try to take something out of a laboratory and into mass production, the vast
majority of prototechnologies turn out not to work.”

This transition has appeared throughout industrial history. In 1909, Fritz Haber demonstrated a
laboratory apparatus which produced around 100 cubic centimetres of ammonia. Carl Bosch
was then assigned the considerably larger task of turning it into an industrial process. Doing so
required new catalysts, new methods of producing pure gases and high-pressure reactors
made from steels which would not split apart after hydrogen penetrated them. The first plant
opened four years later with an annual capacity of 8,700 tonnes. Haber had established the
chemistry; Bosch and his team had to invent much of the industrial machinery surrounding it.
(American Chemical Society, BASF history)

Penicillin followed much the same pattern. Fleming discovered it in 1928, and the Oxford team
established its therapeutic value in 1941, but the drug was still being produced in one-litre
flasks at yields below one per cent. American chemists and engineers developed better mould
strains, culture media, purification methods and submerged fermentation tanks. Between 1943
and 1945, American production rose from 21 billion units to more than 6.8 trillion, while yields
increased to between 80 and 90 per cent. The scientific discovery had existed for more than a
decade; the production process made it medicine. (American Chemical Society)

The same distinction appears in computing itself. The transistor was demonstrated at Bell Labs
in 1947, but early devices remained difficult to manufacture reliably. The planar process,
developed at Fairchild twelve years later, protected the transistor junction beneath silicon
dioxide and allowed components to be fabricated photographically from one side of a wafer.
Fairchild commercialised the first planar transistor in 1960, and the process became the
manufacturing basis of what we now know as the microchip. (Computer History Museum)

The pattern is the same in all cases; scientific innovation [lays the groundwork] and mass
manufacture brings it to market.

Quantum computing is now entering its version of this transition. The National Academies
described the field’s greatest challenge in 2019 as moving “from an understanding of the basic
science to the creation of useful devices.” At this stage, industrialisation begins with the
experimental process itself: reducing the cost and time required to build each generation,
documenting what was previously tacit, increasing component yield, removing hand-alignment
steps and developing equipment which allows designs to be tested repeatedly rather than
reconstructed from scratch. (National Academies)

[We do not yet know which quantum architecture will ultimately be manufactured in volume. The
rate at which competing architectures can be built, tested and improved will help determine the
answer.]

4. The Industry Today
High unit cost and long lead times are the predictable result of producing highly
specialised equipment in small volumes, for customers whose requirements frequently
differ.

Now, more than 30 years later, the technology attracts industrial quantities of money. In 2025
alone, companies across quantum computing, sensing and communications raised $4.9 billion
in venture capital, while governments announced another $12.7 billion in funding commitments.
The Quantum Economic Development Consortium counted 556 specialist companies operating
worldwide. (QED-C)

Despite this, The MIT Quantum Index identified that the number of companies developing an
announced, prototype or commercial quantum processor in 2025 was fewer than eighty.
Only around two dozen offered one commercially. Hundreds of companies, billions of dollars
and several national programmes therefore depend upon fewer than one hundred organisations
attempting to build the central machine. (MIT Quantum Index)

Those manufacturers, in turn, depend upon a supply chain still organised around individual
scientific experiments.

In 2023, the National Quantum Computing Centre bought two strontium-ion laser suites from
Toptica for £640,810. Each contained eight lasers, together with the control electronics,
frequency-locking equipment, optical fibres, software and rack required to operate them. The
contract allowed nine months between order and delivery. A trapped-ion programme could
therefore spend more than half a million pounds and most of a year obtaining one optical
subsystem before a single ion had been trapped. (contract value, UKRI specification)

Why so much? Why so slow? [Let's not be too quick to judge].

High unit cost and long lead times are the predictable result of producing highly
specialised equipment in small volumes, for customers whose requirements frequently
differ.

A manufacturer serving several dozen laboratories cannot amortise an automated production
line across millions of units, while a quantum company working against the available catalogue
gives the supplier little reason to redesign it. Long lead times, high prices and by-hand
integration then appear to be intrinsic properties of the technology rather than consequences of
the volumes and production methods being used.

More money thrown around in grants and undifferentiated companies is unlikely to solve the
problem; the problem is not that we are insufficiently smart to use the toolkit we have, the
problem is that the toolkit itself is not up to the task.

5. Cutting the Gordian Knot
Henry Ford is remembered for the Model T, but perhaps his more important innovation
was the production line behind it. There are many contenders for the industry's Model T,
many less for the production line.

Is there any historical precedent for having solved these problems?

As it turns out there is. SpaceX is the most relevant example, despite aerospace engineering
and quantum hardware not having much in common at first glance.

   What is a rocket made of? Aerospace-grade aluminum alloys, plus some titanium, copper,
   and carbon fiber. And then I asked, what is the value of those materials on the commodity
   market? It turned out that the materials cost of a rocket was around 2 percent of the typical
   price—which is a crazy ratio for a large mechanical product.
   Two percent. Your car’s raw materials are maybe 20-30% of sticker price. Consumer
   electronics are similar. But rockets? Ninety-eight cents of every dollar was going
   somewhere other than what it was made of.
   Where?
   Three places, it seems. Supplier markups stacking through contract layers, each tier adding
   15-30% margin. Custom designs that couldn’t achieve manufacturing scale. Expendable
   hardware thrown away after every flight.
   None of these are laws of physics. Traditional aerospace treated high costs as fixed
   constraints. But what if you treated them as variables? How do you actually capture that
   98%?

The similarities are striking - the parts themselves may be different but the negative feedback
loop of few launches -> bespoke components -> no profit incentive for production overhaul ->
high prices and long lead times -> few launches is the same in both cases. Replace 'launches'
with 'computers' and the line still holds.

It's the same problem.

And it has been solved before. But how?
1. The Idiot Index

> Musk eventually named this the "idiot index": the ratio of the actual cost of a part to the cost
of its raw materials. “If the ratio is high,” he says, “you’re an idiot.”


A classical computer is made from a laundry list of component parts. GPUs, CPUs, cooling
systems, et cetera. A quantum computer is much the same; high-precision lasers, vacuum
systems, single-photon detectors, and more.

   Consider the Falcon 1 actuator. A vendor quoted $120,000 and eighteen months of
   development. SpaceX’s engineers built it for $3,900 by summer. [Source Needed]

Each of these component parts can be assigned it's own idiot index; a high value is a flashing
light pointing to a poorly optimised manufacturing process. Values for nanofabricated parts will
be necessarily be higher than those for macro-level parts, but defaulting to the assumption that
there are no 10x, 100x cost reductions possible only guarantees that none will be found.

   "The avionics example is instructive. Rather than buy radiation-hardened processors at
   $200,000 each, SpaceX used triple-redundant commercial processors totalling $2,000."

Knowing where the manufacturing inefficiencies are hiding is only half the problem, however.
Fixing them is more difficult, especially so with quantum hardware.
2. Question Every Requirement




   "Junior engineers are explicitly told that requirements from "smart people" are the most
   dangerous, because nobody thinks to question them."

A high idiot index identifies an expensive component; the knee-jerk response is ask how the
component can be manufactured more cheaply, but the more astute question is to ask whether
it needs to exist at all. Get rid of the part entirely and the idiot index falls to 0.

   "Falcon 9’s grid fins were originally designed to fold, like traditional aerospace grid fins. The
   folding mechanism reduced drag during ascent, which seemed obviously necessary.
   SpaceX questioned whether it was worth the mass and complexity. Simulations showed
   fixed fins were acceptable, so they deleted the mechanism entirely.
   Delete, delete, delete... the best part is no part."

[Something here about MOCVD Epitaxy, its my understanding that the machines that fabricate
III-V semiconductors are designed to accommodate orders for many different kinds of III-V
materials. How many additional component parts are required to accommodate the additional
materials? How much system complexity does this add? How much would it cost to build a
single-material reactor MOCVD reactor in-house?]

3. Standardisation of Components

   "The only way to get volume is to standardise."
Go to any quantum hardware supplier right now, be it lasers, vacuum chambers or
semiconductor fabs, and you will inevitably see the words 'request a quotation' in place of a
price tag. Why is this? Are suppliers being secretive, or do they genuinely not know?

   "The existing approach was bespoke vehicles per mission. Custom adapters, mission-
   specific modifications, multiple vehicle families. This optimises each mission at the expense
   of manufacturing scale. SpaceX bet the opposite: that cost savings from
   standardisation would exceed the value of customisation. Yes, customers wanted
   custom solutions. But they wanted low prices even more. Force them to choose, and
   they’d adapt."

It's the latter, of course, but let's not be too hasty in [explanation of how the current model is 'let
the customer tell us what they want and itll be different each time'. Maybe one start up wants to
use Barium for their ion species. Another wants to use Calcium. Maybe one more wants to use
different energy levels within Barium. All of these require different laser frequencies, linewidths,
and powers. It's like the aerospace industry was before, "tell us what you want and we'll make
it".]

[In any manufacturing process there are economies of scale that are only unlocked at
production levels of 1000s of units.]

4. Vertical Integration

   "If materials are cheap and the tax is all process and overhead, you need to control the
   process to capture the savings. You can’t negotiate your way to 10x cost reduction with
   suppliers who have profits baked in at every tier. So SpaceX became its own supplier. By
   building 80% of its hardware internally - engines, structures, avionics, software, and key
   ground systems - SpaceX collapsed the traditional aerospace stack. They outsource raw
   materials and commodity parts, and make everything else themselves."

[Why is vertical integration important here? Reduction of margin, reduction of lead times.
Vertical integration provides the control to eliminate the waste that the first-principles analysis
uncovers. I see the idea in my head, current machines are dependent on stringing many small
parts of other businesses together. Vertical integration here is taking all of those small parts
together and moving them into a single process. Let's make the examples concrete though,
which specific parts are dependent upon external manufacturing? PIC, for sure. Semiconductor
fab. The lasers themselves, too. These are the ones I have a handle on, so we can start there.
How do I link it up? The ]

Today, the industry leans heavily towards horizontal integration for manufacturing. [Insert some
statistics to back this up.] Recent efforts towards putting quantum computation on-chip [source]
has helped eliminate [some specific bad thing about the old integration process], but has
introduced a whole new set of dependencies [I'm on about semiconductor manufacturing here].
The manufacturing processes and supply chain used to build today's QPUs were designed in a
different century, by engineers who had likely never heard of quantum computing.

Vertical integration gives manufacturers the freedom to cut everything that is not
absolutely critical to building better computers.

But it comes with a cost. Fixed costs, specifically. Bringing the machines in-house isn't cheap,
and incurs a lot of complexity in the short term. In fact, if the goal is to build a single computer, it
doesn't make much sense to bring the manufacturing in-house at all.

5. Increase Iteration Speed
[Anddddd what the fuck for this, then.]

    "Traditional aerospace builds few prototypes, each one expensive and near-flight-ready.
    SpaceX builds many cheaper prototypes: hardware-rich fleets of test articles. They’d rather
    have ten rough versions to blow up than one polished version they’re afraid to
    break."

The total number of computers produced by the 5 largest quantum computing companies over
the past 10 years is [X]. That's an average of 1 new machine every [X.Y] years.

    "A high production rate solves many ills. Any given technology development is “How
    many iterations do you have? And what’s your time and progress between iterations?” So if
    you have a high production rate, you can have a lot of iterations. You can try lots of
    different things... If you have a small number of engines, then you have to be much
    more conservative because you can’t risk blowing them up."

    "Vertical integration really helps enable this. When you own the factory, you can build fast
    without waiting on vendors. When you own 3D printing capability, you can produce parts on
    an ad-hoc basis. When you can manufacture Raptor engines at high volume, losing
    one to a test failure doesn’t set you back months."

[Photo]

All these parts came together in a way that was mutually reinforcing; first-principles
engineering identified manufacturing optimisations, vertical integration let those optimisations
happen, and standardisation allowed the volume to make that control profitable.

6. The People
[I think I have a real advantage here, because anyone who's been through the academic
wringer will have had more than their fair share of DEI meetings and wokeness thrust upon
them. The largest failing of the woke ideology is that it suppresses the rough-around-the-edges
hero type. It doesn't do well with breaking rules. Obviously I can't say any of this directly, so this
is gonna take some manoeuvring.]

[I like the meme idea. It's a lot less 'we want the hardest working people' and a lot more
specific. What are my memes?]

Declare War on Complexity
Delete, delete, delete… The best part is no part.
[They Muddy the Waters, to Make Them Look Deep]
Far too much complexity theatre, make things easier not harder. Getting stuff done has to be
more important than looking clever.

Flash-Mob the Bottleneck
Are we cleaning our room when the exam is tomorrow?
[Does this get us closer to Mars? If not, let's skip for now.]

Question Every Requirement
Requirements from smart people are the most dangerous, because nobody thinks to question them.
[Need people who are willing to question experts]

When? Now!
[Subheading TBD]

Optimise for Boldness
The Mission Attracts Missionaries

7. Join Us
[Some call to action]
